Account Funding Channels

rue4x welcomes different kinds of depositing methods. Choose the most convenient for you from

the list of multiple fast payment providers. Fund your trading account and be prepared for forex markets!

Direct Debit / Credit Cards

JCC Internet Payment Gateway accepts card payments over the internet, is easy to use and
meets all the required security standards (3Dsecure, Verified by VISA and MasterCard 
Secure Code) and Sophisticated fraud protection standards. It also accepts all major credit 
and debit cards.

SKRILL / Moneybookers

Since becoming the first e-money issuer to obtain an electronic money license from the 
FSA, it’s taken Moneybookers less than a decade to change the world of online payments. 
With a mixture of consumer and business focused solutions, they have become one of
Europe’s leading digital money companies operating one of the world’s largest
independent e-Wallet platforms on the internet.

NETELLER

NETELLER is an e-money/e-wallet stored-value service owned and operated by publicly
traded British global payments company Optimal Payments PLC. People in over 180 
countries. use the NETELLER service to transfer money to and from merchants Trusted by
merchants and consumers alike, NETELLER financial services span more than 200 countries
across a broad spectrum of industries and businesses and Millions of customers around 
the world have used their NETELLER Account to pay and get paid on thousands of sites 
and to send money to individuals around the world.

Web Money

Web Money Transfer Technology is based on providing all of its users with unique 
interfaces that allows operation and control individual property rights for valuables 
(assets), stored within specialized entities — the Guarantors.

Wire Transfer

You can always fund your account using this most traditional money transfer method; it’s 
secure and cost effective for large deposits. For convenience, we keep bank accounts with 
different banks and you may choose the most suitable bank for your deposits.

Fasapay

Fasapay is an Indonesian based online payment system that allows you to quickly and 
easily fund your True4x account. Payments are automatic, fast and secure, eliminating the 
need for manual processing.
Exclusively by its member banks.


Transfer fees:


MoneyBookers			0.00%		Up to 2 hours			0.00%		Up to 24 hours
Direct Debit / Credit Cards	0.00%		Up to 2 hours			0.00%		3-5 business days
WebMoney				0.00%		Up to 2 hours			0.00%		Up to 24 hours
Bank Wire				0.00%		3-5 business days		0.00% (*)		3-5 business days
NETELLER				0.00%		Up to 2 hours			0.00%		Up to 24 hours
Fasapay					0.00%		Up to 2 hours			0.00%		Up to 24 hours