Clients Funds Segregation

Clients Funds Deposited with True4x are held in segregated bank accounts and separated from the company's funds.
True4x , upon receiving any Clients’ funds,promptly places those funds into one or more accounts, denoted as 
“Clients”, opened with any of the following:

	Central Bank
	Credit Institution
	Bank authorized in a third country
	Qualifying money market fund
	Deep liquidity from Tier-1 banks
	Islamic (Swap Free) accounts
	Separated from company’s funds.
	
Investor Compensation Fund

Pursuant to section 17 of the Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law of 2007, "A Cypriot 
Investment Firm (‘CIF') must be a member of the Investment Compensation Fund (‘ICF')". According to section 58 of 
the Law, a CIF is not allowed to provide investment services without participating in the Investors Compensation
Funds.

True4x is a member in the Investor Compensation Fund the objective of which is to secure any claims of covered
clients against members of the Fund and to compensate covered clients for any claims arising from the malfunction
by a member of the Fund to fulfill its obligations despite whether that obligation arises from legislation, the client
agreement or from wrongdoing on the part of the member of the Fund.

The Investor Compensation Fund was established to secure the claims of covered clients against a CIF through the 
payment of compensation in the event that the CIF in question was unable to: A- Return to covered Clients funds 
owed to them or funds which belong to them but are held by the CIF in the context of providing investment services
to the said Clients or B- Hand over to covered Clients financial instruments which belong to them and which the CIF
concerned holds, manages or keeps on their account.

Under the Rules and Regulations of the ICF, the total payable compensation to each covered Client may not exceed
€20.000 EUR, irrespective of the number of accounts held, currency and place of offering the investment service.

Clients that are not covered by the CIF are: The following categories of institutional and professional investors. States
and international organizations. Central, federal, confederate, regional and local administrative authorities. Enterprises 
associated with True4x, in accordance with the Fifth Schedule of the Law 144(I). Managerial and administrative staff of
True4x. Shareholders of True4x Investors having in enterprises connected with True4x and, in general, of the group of 
companies, to which True4x belongs, positions or duties corresponding to the ones listed in paragraphs (5) and (6). 
Second-degree relatives and spouses of the persons listed in paragraphs (5), (6) and (7), as well as third parties acting
for the account of these persons. Apart from the investors referred to in subsection (2) of section 55 of the Law 144(I),
investors-Clients of a member of the Fund responsible for facts pertaining to the member of the Fund that have
caused its financial difficulties or have contributed to the worsening of its financial situation or which have profited
from these facts. Investors in the form of a company, which due to its size, is not allowed to draw a summary balance
sheet in accordance with the Companies Law or a corresponding law of a Member State of the European Union.

For more information about the Investor Compensation Fund

Investor Alert: Forex Trading & Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be 
suitable for all investors. There is a possibility that you may sustain a loss of some or all of your investment
and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose.