Advantages

24/5 Multilingual Customer Service

The True4x team wants you to succeed as a trader. Your trading goals are
attainable with the support of our dependable and honest staff that is second 
to none. Providing you with around-the-clock support, live chat and one-hour 
response time to your queries is standard operating procedure for us, allowing 
you to focus on what really matters - your financial goals and trading.

License and Regulations

True4x is registered and regulated as a Financial Investment Firm by the 
Vanuatu Dealer in Securities License Exchange Commission (VFSC) (License
Number…………………..)

Security

True4x is 100% secured for online trading and transactions, all data is backed 
up and protected in a highly secure encrypted technological environment. All 
information provided by or on behalf of clients and employees is treated in the
strictest of confidence and only disclosed by a formal notice in accordance 
with regulations.


Professionalism

Our team of professionals is highly responsive not only to market trends, 
forecasts and possibilities but they also offer support for every trader who
needs analysis in real time. Reliability and trustworthiness are not ideals for us,
but actualities. We know how important actionable information in live
market-to-market speed is and our team’s focus in on providing you that
trading edge.

Technology Advancement

Meta Trader 4
Advanced Smart Phone Traders
Real-Time Streaming Quotes & Charts. Customers can click on a live streaming 
price feed, Fast quality of execution

Leverage up to 1:200

Professional accounts with special benefits
Exceptional partnership opportunities with open trading benefits
Investment opportunity with account opening from as little as $200

Competitive Fixed Spreads

Choose the most beneficial conditions for your trading style and strategy. With
True4x the spread could be as low as 1 Pips!

Seamless Execution

Superior execution, powered by reliable global liquidity providers, ensures 
unmatched trading experience.

Fast Deposits & Withdrawals Online

Your funds right when you need them in an easy and secure way. We offer one 
of the fastest processing times in the market.